.TH AJBSP 6 "May 2018"
.SH NAME
ajbsp \- a nodes builder for modern DOOM source ports
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ajbsp
[\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... \fI\,FILE\/\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B AJBSP
is a nodes builder for modern DOOM source ports.
It can build standard DOOM nodes, GL-Nodes, and XNOD format nodes.
Multiple wad files can be processed, and each file is modified in-place.
There is an option to backup files before processing them.
.SH OPTIONS
Short options begin with a single dash, followed by one
or more letters, where each letter is a distinct option
(i.e. short options can be mixed together).
Long options begin with two dashes, followed by a whole word.
When an option needs a value, it should be placed in the next
argument.
.PP
Filenames and options may be freely mixed, and the order of
options on the command line is not significant.
All files are processed with the same settings.
.PP
The special option '--' causes all following arguments to be
interpreted as filenames.  This allows specifying a file which
begins with a hyphen.
.TP
.B \-h \-\-help
Show a summary of all the options.
.SH AUTHORS
TODO
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is is distributed in the hope that it
will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
The AJBSP repository: https://gitlab.com/andwj/ajbsp
